[Music]
we've learned lots of useful information
from watching movies for example how to
effectively shoot back at an enemy or
how to fly away in a spaceship through
an asteroid belt well life is long you
never know it could be useful however
the big screen misleads us a lot so we
still believe in many myths that were
created over the years today
we've found out what's true and what's
not in your favorite pock Busters don't
forget to click Subscribe because here
are 12 myths the movies made us believe
myth number 12 a heart can be restarted
with a defibrillator shop we've all seen
scenes like this in Hollywood movies if
you arise on the hospital bed connected
to the heartrate monitor then suddenly
the beeping stops in a straight line
appears on the monitor
doctors break into the room one of them
screamed we're losing a defibrillator
then
dramatic music someone screams stay with
us and it's a miracle the heart starts
beating the hero is saved in fact once a
heart is stopped beating a defibrillator
can't restart it alas myth number 11
chloroform knocks out people immediately
a dark lonely alley a criminal covers
the victims face with a chloroform
handkerchief in the victim flutters and
falls asleep immediately then the
villain just throws the somnolent body
into his car's trunk and disappears into
obscurity in fact it takes up to five
minutes for someone to feel the
chemicals effects which then lasts only
for a short while
myth number ten the police can trace a
phone call within a minute in movies
when the police try to trace a phone
call they ask someone to talk to the
criminal for at least three to five
minutes keep them on the line
we've almost got him sometimes they
trace the call instantly
in fact tracing a phone call takes about
an hour longer than you expected myth
number nine the forensic process can
solve crimes if you've ever watched
detective shows you are probably
familiar with forensics investigators
find a blood-stained saliva or a hair
and these evidence give answers to all
the questions then they just open a
database and tada the criminal is found
actually it's not that easy
the forensic process only helps to
collect evidence the main work should be
done by policemen
myth number eight you must wait 24 hours
before reporting a missing person
actually never do it every second is
precious when you search for a missing
person therefore if you have genuine
concerns you should contact the police
immediately
do not waste precious time myth number 7
drowning victims call for help loudly in
movies drowning victims call for help
lonely while raising their arms up
actually it's very hard to notice a
drowning person usually they don't get
enough air so they can't call for help
also they instinctively use their hands
to push themselves up to make their
mouth stay above water
therefore drowning is actually a very
quiet process myth number 6 shooting to
guns is effective shooting to guns at
the same time what's cool in the movies
super cool you might think that a hero
is able to kill more criminals in this
way and rescue more people no way in
fact aiming at two targets at once is
hardly possible myth number 5 silencers
make every gun completely quiet actually
a silencer only dampens a noise but the
gun shot is still honorable it is almost
impossible to muffle the sound of a
firing weapon a silencer can reduce
various decibels mainly in order to
protect your ear rather than disguise
your location myth number 4 you can
unlock a door with a gun oh they always
do it in the action movies just one
accurate shot and the door is open in
fact a padlock shackle is thick and made
of iron a small bullet wouldn't break it
it would just bounce off the lock try
the key
myth number three skydivers can talk to
each other during freefall do you
remember this in movies skydivers
somehow managed to discuss their last
weekend's and plans to seize the world
drink befall they laugh they argue they
make jokes they hear each other as if
they are in the same room actually the
wind traveling past your ears makes you
deaf to all sounds in reality skydivers
use gestures during freefall live number
two the pin of a grenade can be pulled
out with one's teeth actors do it to
impress the viewers because it looks so
brutal in fact the person would have no
teeth afterwards and the grenade would
still have a pin you can only pull the
pin with your hand and still with some
effort to prevent an accidental
explosion designers fasten the safety
pin with two wires and finally myth
number one an asteroid belt is dense and
crowded and movies a flight to the
asteroid belt is very dangerous for a
spacecraft because it could collide with
asteroids however in fact the asteroid
belt looks like an endless desert there
are many miles of vacuum between
asteroids the spacecraft can fly back
and forth without any collisions what
other popular movie myths do you know
share your thoughts with us in the
comments down below and hit that thumbs
up button if you've enjoyed the video